feat: Add support for blink, hidden, and strikethrough styles. (#4138)
starship/starship: docs/advanced-config/README.md

- A number between 0-255. This specifies an [8-bit ANSI Color Code](https://i.stack.imgur.com/KTSQa.png).

If multiple colors are specified for foreground/background, the last one in the string will take priority.

> 
> Most terminals allow you to customize whether blinking text is supported:
> 
> - On iTerm, blinking is turned off by default.
> - In Terminal.app, iTerm, and most Linux terminals, go to "Profiles > Text > Allow blinking text" under the preferences for your terminal application if blinking text is not working for you.
> 
> `hidden` is not supported on iTerm (https://gitlab.com/gnachman/iterm2/-/issues/4564).
> 
> `strikethrough` is not supported on Mac OS Terminal.app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Not every style string will be displayed correctly by every terminal, in particular the following quirks exist:
- Many terminals disable support for `blink` by default
- `hidden` is not [supported by iTerm](https://gitlab.com/gnachman/iterm2/-/issues/4564).
- `strikethrough` is not supported by the default macOS Terminal.app
```
